British English Academy.
C1 listening activity.
Course: C1 Advanced English.
Module 2: Nuance, Register and Persuasion.
Lesson 6: Nuance, Register and Persuasion: Writing Lesson 6.
Listen for precision, register and nuance.
Listen to the writing model. Notice how the answer is organised.
Learning objective: Learners can synthesise, justify, negotiate and adapt register in a writing task about professional communication.
Today you will practise language connected to professional communication.
Target language: inversion.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise writing for nuance, register and persuasion. You will learn useful language connected to professional communication and practise inversion. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at C1 level.